in this video I want to show you how you
can send a fax for free right from your
desktop now a lot of us don't have fax
machines at home
and that's fine you can use a free
web-based fax machine the only catch is
that your document can only be three
pages long and you can only send two a
day you go to a website called fax 0
this is what you'll see here so on the
left side you have your sender
information you put your name in here
company name if you have one fax number
if you have one and your email address
and then on the right this is your
receiver so their name and their fax
number and company if they have one I
have two choices you can just pay
something in down here or you can go and
get a document so what I do is I open up
OpenOffice and then I create a text
document open office org is where you
can get this and it's free okay and then
you can create your fax in here up to
three pages so if you have some images
you need to fact he can bring them in to
this document just do an insert and then
from picture and then from file and then
you can go and grab it from your
pictures you can also do it from the
scanner so just bring everything into
this document and then do an export to
PDF let me just test doc so you'd have
your whole document here up to three
pages and you do a file export as PDF
and you don't have to set anything else
here you can just click export now and
then save it on your desktop so
just name it whatever you want we can
close OpenOffice and we don't need to
keep the Open Office document so now
what I can do is I can click the Browse
here now if you do this then you can't
paste anything down here put in the
confirmation code and then just send
free fax it's going to upload this and
then it'll send it out and it'll email
you when it's done so that's a simple
way that you can send faxes right from
your desktop computer